all you fuckers who are talkign shit you are all fucking pussies you didn't fucking know her so don't try saying shit you stupid cunt rags fucking coem to michigan and say that to her friends faces you will get your nerdy fuckign asses handed to you you say shit cause you haev no real friends or your jsut an insecure little fuck who can't fucking get any real friends so fuck you all stephanie was one of the best people in the world
why aren't u talking u got scared? this isn't nothing nigr u havent seen the real me yet. u keep hiding behind ur computr dat won't stp me frm comin and beating ur up u messed with the wrng guy.
I swear to God, if you ever say that to me again, I will remove each and every one of your limbs, including your tiny penis, with a rusty spoon,shove your bleeding stumps into buckets of rock salt, then force you to eat your way out of a hole filled with your own feces and body parts.
id like to have my brother beat u up, but id be too embarassed to tell him i showed u my boobs on cam
lil arab fucks too scared to fight 1 on 1 face to face,so you run in buildings with bombs and commit suicide
shut ur fukin mouth u box ed twat, n go chase? sum cars on da autobahn u ugly german cunt, oooo yh iv got sum razors as well ask ur female friends do day want sum, shit il giv dem away day hairy bastardssss, inabit ya muppet, !!!!!!!ENGLAND!!!!!!!
go fucking wank off to pop idol u little fucking prick come over to bandit country u fuck and c how the big boys do it... fucking hooligans 
i doubt such degenerates such as yourselves even have legal representation
You don't know shit about me or my life, nor do you know anything about my habits. I'm a normal person, and I'm proud of myself, unlike you, the basement dwelling, society leeching loser. Has your mom changed your diapers yet?! You're the one to be ashamed here, only you.
ook ok u dont run this room ok u dont even know who i am if i were to ever encounter you in a real life situation i would lump u out ok and your girlfriend would be so impressed that she would immediately hold my hand and we would walk off into the sunset together ok so dont u think that u can try to bully me ok because u dont know what u signed up for ok because if u play with fire u are bound to get burned ok because i am hotter
I can't believe you fucking morons waste your life here. Listen, this is your LIFE. You need to be living with real human beings. You need to go find a girlfriend and spend time with her. You need to find happiness. Happiness is not in your online games or crappy manga books, it is in other people.
fuk off u nazi cunt n go suk hitlers 1 ballock
fucking goof now watch i'll drop the whole node goof, see you in a week when your node clears up
ill make sure u and yer lil buddy over there find out what its like to get glined from Rizon
seriously once i was at a diner and i saw myself buttfucking a shemale honey dip i had to excuse myself from my family so i could go to the mens room and jixx in the sink
JUST WONDERING....is it fine to be a virgin at 14? all the boys at my shcool are super sick, and horny, always grabbing my ass, and breasts, and calling me" babe" ..the other day, this guy(not mentioning his name) said " give you fifty if I can titty fuck you, "and winked" how nasty! anyways all the other girls are just giving in...should I?
I'm bored of these penispump kids until they stop being morons, I'm just going to ban/kill/kline everything associated with them and so will  other opers
I know the guy that created google maps and I can  locate you in the time it took me to type all of this up. Dont want anymore problems? I didnt think so......
you know a lot about being a woman... want to meet up?
i am the ddos king fuck wad, now bring your packets, internet warrior goof, 275 rexford dr hamilton, on .... and i'm on a hacked modem fuck head so i can change my mac and clear any packets so keep commin stupid piece of shit pedo
listen up ok nobody even likes u the only reason i dont ddos u nto oblivion is cuz ur not even worth my bandwif u fkn fgt retard im srs
I read my mothers journal from when my brother died. She wrote that she wished it was me, not him.
I was wondering if anyone knows of surgeries that can correct elongated labia, or if there's anything you can do to make them look more normal. They look disgusting to me. I'm not a chick or anything, I just really hate this. My girlfriend's "axe wound", if you will, looks like a bloated sea zombie. Thanks in advanced.
THE FUCKING WORD OF G*D IS IN THE BIBLE, IT IS INHERENTLY CORRECT! THAT MEANS WITHOUY FUCKING QUESTION YOU BRAINLESS FUCKING LIBERAL MUSLIM ATHEIST EVOLUTIONIST DARWIN-COCKSUCKING MOTHERFUCKING FAGGOTS! YOU FUCKING THINK I FUCKING CAME FROM A FUCKING G*DDAMN NIGGER MONKEY? I AM NO FUCKING NIGGER YOU FUCKING G*DDAMN FUCKING RICHARD DAWKINS PIECES OF MOTHERFUCKING SHIT!
do you think you are being deep or something by not getting to the fucking point? all you are doing is wasting my time and let me tell you something buddy i dont like people who waste my tijme
stfu u lmr u dont know nuthin yet if u type one more wrd ill fuckin rape u and throw u in a toilet
sht up an dont act smrt if i wish i can b 100000x smrtr than u so sht up
hey dont no wat the fuck im gonna do 2 u fuck if i ever meet u im gonna fucking pound you fuck man if u was u id be soo scared man you should just change schools bcuz on monday im ognna kill u man just run away man just get out of here faggot
ill fuck u up in front of ur mother and she will cry an say o dont beat up my baby and ill be like LOL no i will beat ur lil turd up an after im done with u ppl will think some animal beat u up so dun fuck with me u dono how dangerus i am i take this very srsly if ur a real man tell me ur real addy
u like to flood eh dumbass? flood my chan again and i'll show you a different type of flood. kthx
bring it on fuckface, maybe u should go ask around who i am and what i used to do
i don't whore myself around, i don't know where you got that impression from.
I was stuck in traffic one day and just kinda thought it would be funny to masturbate. It was sunny and clear out, so I was worried one of the other drivers would see me, but my jeep is pretty high off the ground, so I think no one noticed. I busted a nut and aimed it down, ruining my tweety bird floor mat. I felt kinda stupid after and my mom kept silent the rest of the drive home. It was awkward and I regret it.
you people are damn ignorant. who says i want to see your skinny anorexic ass? it's just as gross to see bony sunken in faces as it is to see my round face. You have no right to say that fat people are lazy. YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE. You have no idea how it feels to be fat. Some people can't help it. Fat Bigotry is the only accepted prejudice left in this country, and I am sick of it. SO SCREW ALL YOU DICK SUCKERS WHO THINK THAT YOU ARE BETTER BECAUSE YOU'RE A SCRAWNY ASSHOLE.
Im not saying Im out of shape, but the other day I lost my breath riding an escalator. My gut jiggles when I watch somebody run on TV. And the last time my doctor tried to draw my blood, all that came out was cherry pie filling. So maybe I could stand to tone up a little. The only problem is, that takes effort. Im not really a big effort guy.
Steelix and I will just psychically know where each other is, and we will find each other easily using telepathy. We will hug and then I will ride on his back and go back to the cave he lives in. 
i am not simply calling you ugly, i am stating a fact. but i am sure you know this already. it would be difficult for you not to notice.
I think I have depression, but I'm too afraid to tell anyone 'cause I hate to have people look down on me. Or something, I don't know. I don't care about anything anymore really, and I don't know why. Last year I couldn't wait to do stuff, but now... I don't want to do anything except, nothing. I need help, but I wouldn't take it if someone offered it. I know I can get better marks at school, but I..m lazy I guess.And this depression, it also affects me much :(I don..t want to destroy my education...
get a f**kin life and get off your computer...why don't you go outside and get a tan...you know talk to accuial people...no your comp screen
stop the weak attempts at defending yourself. i couldn't give a shit whether you had a life or not, all i know is that this is a pathetically awful attention seeking channel dedicated purely to pictures of yourself and your unattractive friends.learn to chat.
im 14 im pretty short for my age: 4 foot 10 and i weigh round 90 pounds. i have like 5 armpit hairs under one arm and pubic hair but not a whole lot. ive had the pubic hair since i was like 10 or 11. when hard my dick is 2 1/2 inches and when flaccid it is usually like 2 inches but it can get alot smaller than that. also my dick is not real thick i jackoff probly one a day. i only get like 4 drops of cum and its not white its just clear
listen up ok nobody even likes u the only reason i dont ddos u nto oblivion is cuz ur not even worth my bandwif u fkn fgt retard im srs if u say 1 more thing u wont even get to get out of ur seat cuz i wil KAMEHAMEHAAAAAAA u thru the keyboard n shoc ur fingers so bad u will say sry but its too
ur the gayest faggot in the world. ur a fake ass pussy with ur bb gun MP5 (with an orange barrel) not ak jackass. u just need to do us all a favor and shoot urself in the face with 12 gauge slug, goddamnit that shits hillarious with ur fake accent, get real and grow up little bitch
I am a 27 year old female who is looking for a guy. This sounds weird cause I am kinda gay. Well, I slept with a guy once and it sucked but I want to try again. I am butch, which makes it hard to even meet guys that would want to sleep with me, but I am cute I think. So if you like the idea let me know. Honestly the only requirement I am sure about is you have to have a big dick.
m8 am white n like being white n luv rap but i have no proplem saying that 2pac iz the best rapper, 50 cent i like sum of his stuff but hiz early wurk like power of a dolla so dnt say shit like at thats just like saying black ppl wanna be white (not that i think they do) but it's just talking shit
yo brother i live in L.A and is true homie... us Crip and them Blood ain't beefing, i roll with my Boyz BB A.K.A babyblood everyday and i'm a Crip soo u people here... stop sayin fuck u this and that wannbe
Shut the fuck up, you fucking hippy. No one cares about the fact that you don't own a TV or think TV is only for idiots, or whatever other attitude your elitist comment is about. Take it to the coffee shop, asshole.
u dont even know me kid shut the fuck up hidin behind yuor computar id fuckin lump u out if u fronted on me like that in person kid, fuckin bitchass little nerd hidin behind ur computer screen little pussy i'd kick ur ass irl fagget
hey u dont no wat the fuck im gonna do 2 u fuck if i ever meet u im gonna fucking pound you fuck man if u was u id be soo scared man you should just change schools bcuz on monday im ognna kill u man just run away man just get out of here faggot
hay fgt ur so lucky u dont no me cuz if i nue were u lived o man u dont even wanna no wat i wud do 2 u shuld be gratful evry day tht i dunno were u liv fgt stfu u dont no me u aint my momma cum on over herre n i will bltch slap u so hard u will die but no1 will care 4u bcuz ur a fgt n every1 wud be glad ur ded u fkn fgt
u fukn hacker i saware im caling the fbi rite now nthey r gona aresst u 4 hhakin rite tmrow n they r gonna brake down ur dore wahen ur slepping @ nite n there gonna point there m16 at ur hed an say plz cum outside or we r gunna hedshot u fgt
god damnit why the fuck are you fuckers so fucking stupid as fuck? this place is shitty and you all should fucking kill yourselves like that faggot tourettes guy did. god oh god why in the fuck is this place still around and why the fuck do you fucking fucks keep putting me on faggot patrol holy fucking shit this is ridiculous i swear i fucking hate you all and you should die. gtfo.
I have put you on a permanent ignore, public and private. I have found you disturbing, rude and generally not worth talking to. According to the channels you hang on, it strengtens the effect of wanting to put you on ignore because of my lack of interest in you as a person. This message is not meant to be rude to you, just to inform you that i won't see anything of what you type from now on.
gays don't belong here you fucking faggot with rippling muscles and clean shaven smooth skin. you need to just take your lisping moustached mouth out of here before the urge gets to be too much and you start fucking people in the ass because you're a gay fag who fucks guys in the ass and sucks dick. now put on your thong and leather pants and get out.
shut the fuk up you fuking faget you say some shit like dis every day you don't hav t3h ballz to follo thru with yr big ideas you just siton your slightly overweigt jewish ass moaning like a whore who wants a big tip
listen you fucker one of my freinds(you know, the things you dont have) told me u wer sayin shit about me now i dont know why you all think you can laugh at me your're just jealous cuz i can hack now look ive done a tracert on this arc here and i see 9 people connected, 3 from the same server  i will virus the shit out of those computers if you dont stop
What the fuck is your goddamn problem? Have I not warned you before, bro? This is the LAST fucking TIME im going to say this. Come at me with a lack of respect like this again and you will fail to have a working spine the next time I catch you around my neck of the woods, I will turn you into a pretzel end of fucking story bro.
u think ur cool insulting people on the internet but irl i think ur a 28 yo pansy bitchboi so u beta not mess wid me cuz im a real dangerous real man and i'll beat u up so bad ur momy wont recognise ur face
What the fuck does that have to do with anyhting. Do you have a dick in ur ear or something. i dont want ur fuckin apology, I want u to just log off, stop fuckin writing me period and then go to ur mothers room, eat her out, beside the drawers, next to the trash cans, and then tell her I appreicate her shaving my balls b/c its really hard to do it myself. Until next time, fuck u and use ur teeth to pick the hairs off my ass. ha ha.
If ur faggot internet geek frends from this site want to go a few bring em down to the barn I still have a trace of mercy for ur sorry ass but not for them, I will just about fucking kill those geeks and I'm not fucking boastig, i will beat them until they cant fucking move and then I will beat them some more as they crawl away.
That was fucking rude. You have no right to call me names on the internet and JUST SO YOU KNOW im infact not a virgin and also I could easily beat you up in real life because I am in shape and also strong. so CHECK YOUR FACTS before POSTING RUDE REPLIES.
i cqant believe u just said that shit. wow ur ingnorant. i'm gonna flame u so hard on my livejournal and ur gonna look sooooo stupid. lol. jeez. u really ar a TARD
Yeah, I hit the bitch. She was fucking asking for it. I told her to go get me a beer and sausage and you know what she fucking did? She brought me a can of beer instead of a bottle. The fuckin whore, she knows the cans are for the kids and I get bottles.
You are propably the sadest and most retardet son of a bitch in the whole fuckin world. And yes I am also offending your bitch ass mom for letting you becum such an incredibally stupid ashole. Fuck u.
YOU ARE A MASSIVE FAGGOT. I HATE YOU SO MUCH. YOU SHOULD FUCKING DIE. REALLY, YOU ARE TOO STUPID TO LIVE. I'M AMAZED YOUR GENETIC CODE HAS MADE IT THIS FAR DOWN THE EVOLUTIONARY LADDER. I'M AMAZED YOU MANAGED TO TYPE THAT SENTENCE WITHOUT SETTING FIRE TO YOURSELF. YOU ARE A FUCKING IDIOT, AND SHOULD BE CULLED FROM THIS EARTH RIGHT NOW
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has logged a record of this chat along with the IP addresses of the participants due to potential violations of U.S. law. Reference no. 8429l271. Your IP addresses have been entered into our suspect database and may be sent to Child Protective Services. Please wait while memory ref. code 90637895 is entered into the database.
Come on faggot, is that the best you can do? Do you really think you can stop me just by having your fag army of faggots "hack" my email? I'm declaring war on 4chan. Your site will be taken down by me and my online army of new zealanders, you can't fucking win bitch. I'm behind so many proxies, and I'm so well hidden. I FUCKING DARE YOU TO DO ANYTHING. 4chan will be taken down, say bye to your shit site faggot, i'll kick your ass. Fuck 4chan.
u a fkn faggot i sware 2 god if u try me like that again i'm gunna push yer face n2 the curb and kick the back of yer head with my steel toad boots. i sware bro u r the biggest fkn idiot i evr met and if u think for 1 secnd ur getting away with this then u better consult ms cleo becuz even she can see ur dyas are numb3r3
why do u have to use the word faggot so much is it because ure hiding ur own gay tendancies? yeah i think so fuck head lol go read a book and broaden your mind but in the mean time use that mouth for something youre good at like eating dicks
fuck you, you stupid nigger i use ubuntu and i have a girlfriend of 4 years, im a very sucessful career and i fuck her every night. i bet your just a lonely macfag masturbating to gay porn listening to jpop on your ipod.
LOL is tht th best u can do? u remind me of a girl. a sad grl. a sad grl thts about 2 get raped cos she dresses like a skank (n she prbly wnts to get fcked nyway ok) and is 2 weak 2 fight off her attackers.if i wer u i'd leave the talking 2 the men
you are so far beyond being able to understand anything anyone here says that this is just converging on uselessness. The really sad part is that you really believe that you're winning. You are a shocking waste of natural resources - kindly re-integrate yourself into the food-chain. Just go die in your sleep you mindless flatulent troll.
youv just been HURT FEELINGS AND BUTT RANGED. go drink ur moms bredt milk u fart commander. i bet u hav a fetish FOR MEN LMAO. ur just so made all the time its 2 easy 23 own u. "i lik to drnik sperm from my sperm bottle" - u
I THROW YOU AND YOUR FAMILY INTO A GODDAMN LOCKED ROOM WITH NOTHING TO EAT BUT NAILS AND MOLDY DICKS. BY THE WAY THE DICKS AND NAILS CONTAIN NECROTIZING FACCIITIS SO YOU LOOK LIKE THE FAT DIABETIC FAGGOT DRINKING YOUR DADS PHALLIC FLUIDS FOR GLUCOSE WHILE GETTING AIDS AND SYPHALLIS BECAUSE HE IS A JUNKIE
you are just so used to mediocre shittynes, you dont even realize you have to deal with it. its sad, its like a beaten wife that keeps going back to her abusive husband
drugs are for people who are so pathetic that they have to excape their normal life, rather than manning the fuck up and sorting out their life
I know I'm better than you because your wife keeps on calling me. She wants to know what it's like to be with a real man. She wants satisfaction from a genetic freak. Tell your bitch to stop calling.
so what, u fucking faggot? nice that your underage dick has seen its first vagina and the cunt in the pictures resembles ur sister that molested you every night when you were sleeping with her in the same bed and there was a huge thunderstorm, so u would go up to her and ask if she wanted to cuddle u, to which she would say yes and embrace you, then slowly sneak her index finger up ur 7-year old asshole
you candlesniffing fuckfence go climb a wall of dicks you double nigger
u talk like a tuf guy but i know when you poop u wipe yourself with a wet sponge because your butt is so hurt from people who SEE THRU UR BULLSHIT AND LIEZ! and kno u r so fukk phony even girls laugh behind your back since they know your dick is SMALL LIKE A GOLDFISH is what your sister said about u
I do care about you, and I do sit around all day wondering how many dicks you ingest. Maybe you wouldn't be so hateful if you found something else to do. And from one cock-sucker to another, moderation is key. If you try to fit too many in there at the same time you might choke or something. Just remember, I care.
I cannot believe how incredibly stupid you are. I mean rock-hard stupid. Dehydrated-rock-hard stupid. Stupid so stupid that it goes way beyond the stupid we know into a whole different dimension of stupid. You are trans-stupid stupid. Meta-stupid. Stupid collapsed on itself so far that even the neutrons have collapsed. Stupid gotten so dense that no intellect can escape. Singularity stupid.
i wip ur tears of my dik n feed ur ass w/ownd seed. ur such a looser ur wife is paper bag. i usd her 2 clean ur but cries LMDOIUE (laf my dik off into ur ear). u so asspissd rite now ur bluddy poo steam w/ rage. u hav 1 week 2 live cuz u dying off stage 12 own. how dos it fel 2b autism. y dont u gb2gayville ur dad is wait BUTTDEVESTATED
Is it that strenuous on your tiny mind to produce a rationalization for this treatment? As of, oh, two days ago you and  I were fine. All I'd like to know is what it was that set you off on this little borderline autistic fit. That's really not  that much to ask.
I wanna buttfuck your daughter. The way she looks at me I know she needs it in her ass and im just the guy to show her how to get off with a hard cock all the way up her butt! Buddy your daughters about to grow up in a big hurry!
hey fucking chilean cunt, kike you were little lawnmower when fucks your mom like old fucking slut with 88 HATE! and dressing like "mr. Adolfo" and give her swastika in her dirty pussy and with hand in the ass!
i shld slap u in the tits. yor dad calls u cc 4 cumcaptin lawl. in gradeschol u wanted to b a butplumber when u grw up. ur a real bitch your facebook status = shitslaming fukfaced dickpipeing aspie. i called u a fukin nerd go blog abut it faggt.
YOU R the hurt of ur butt. OWN is my body adn tears is ur blod. I hvae cretid over a thosand macros unknown ot speling nor knwon to autism (YOU) have withstod mad ot create many farts yet those gays will never range any butt (EXCEPT URS LMAO) so as pull my dik out of ur as unlimited OWN works
i dont get it how can u be so buttranched all teh time? u leik our filling all teh saleds with ur buttranch. all teh kidz r dippin they're chicken nugets in teh rance. how can u even get so owned?
this butt of urs glows with an awsyum super hurtmadd. its loud screams for ur unkle tell u how OWND U ARE. u cry urself to sleep over how hard i just BUTTPUMMELED U. oh look at the time its time for u to go eat ur dayly slice of smegma pie u fatmaster. "i have a shriveled to old man cock even tho im just a babby girl with babby tits"-u
lmaowned and xperiencing huge amounts of BUTTPAINE + ANAILHURT. go tayke a short stroll 2 da faggot store u ass pipe layer i got two words 4 u and dey r BUTTS KNOCKER. get used to it jimmy christmas bcuz u r so interplanetary akklamed as a HOMO ggnore lmao
u're tears taste like chocolate you BUTTELESS HOMO lmfao thats rite BUTTOWNED *SO HARD* u'res niger butte fell off and growed gay flowurs that cry waturfall of hurt. better get tishuhs NERD 4 buttetears. and u're dads a shit fuck he's butt is 2 loose 4 my dicks rofl cuz he gave birth to a fat smely kid like u. YPE its truth ure MOMS ure DAD he fucks men he's a homo (like u haha). nerd status: BUTTBOMBED
owned and buttangery. gb2 screaming at kids cus u got owned fuckin loser ass nobody faggot you're also a homo lmao o4l (owned for life). i bett your pooping from ur mouth cause your buttes broken from screamin 2 hard like you're butt is litirally mad. truth hruts doesnt it loser go right about it in ur myspace fag while i fuck your're dad. "i lisen emo touhou music cause im gay" -you
ur just a fuckin joke pal am just bout 2 hav a j cnt b arsed wu u BLAGIN mi hed wi ur BULLSHIT GAMES wen u aint got the balls 2 b a real ma and fight so just CHILL wi wa 84 mates lol and do wot ever it is u wierd fuckers do. HAV FUN
wow son, u but angrey. i hav neer seen sum1 so pooper peeved. u ned to tak chilpil and stop raping your ownasswit with husband. you are the gayest fgt in fgtopia, no u r the mayor. lol u troled so fukin hard u wan sum ice for the ASSBURN? u cry tears of blud and cum ur mom's penis out your angry butthole. gb2 pussybaby land where u git own3d by dick. "omg i love sukn dicks and crying to link par"-You. ur butt is evaporating cum bcuz it is steaming wit angr. sumbudy is ANALLY ANGUISHED its lik u r seeding wit raeg.
YOU FUCKING FAGGOT RETARD. I made one of those posts and neither of the others. Stop pretending you are not a faggot, or actually know shit about anything. You are such a fucking idiot. I love it when stupid faggot little dipshits with tiny dinks like you do those "buttmad" trolls and are totally buttmad themselves. Suck my big hairy cock you pathetic know-nothing little queer bait. I'll make you wear a fucking dress. What a stupid fag you are. hard to believe. Fag.
i know u fantasize all day about having a lil loli imouto who calls u onii-chan and acc dentally her pantsu 2u but boy i have news 4u one of these days ur pado tendancies r gunna catch up wit u n ur ull end up in prison were tyron will turn u into HIS loli imouto lmao oh btw if ur wandring how i know all this is is bcuz i found ur livejournal LOL ur the most saddesst most pathattec loser ive ever com across in my entire life
I consider you one of the LOVELIEST women on IRC. Once you’ve been selected you must choose 15 of the most BEAUTIFUL women on your friends list. If you are awarded this distinction more than once, then you will know that you are EXCEPTIONALLY beautiful! Cut and paste this to 15 Beautiful women you know
wyh so internet hurt. is ti becose someon deleeted ur favorite weab o thread or just because u r AUTISMAL AS FUCK. probaby both nerd. homo symptoms: owned at gaems, ownded at intrenet, owned at life. butt doctor verdict: BUTTFRUSTSRATED. cry to dads dick forever noob
have a job you ass fucking donkey on the side rode with your balls all saggy in your moms ass wat are you mr fantastic iu will do dora in the anal crack fatass whore you no wat i drank cum like a cup out youre moms ass i couldnt tell if was my sperm or her cum!? you pussy fuckers out the ass ill make that cow into half and half
you're a little abrasive.. anyone ever told you that ? and that's impressive coming from me, coz ppl tell me that all the time except.. i'm like a 20 grit sandpaper, and you're 120 grit :"P and the way you attack everyone for just about anything they say  makes you sound like you're about 12 years old. are you ? learn some tact and stop being so unpleasant. just coz it's irc  doesn't mean you have to be an asshole every minute of the day
ur so analmad n i dont even care. deal w it gaylord. enjoyn ur buttfrustration? u got 0wnd ROFLMAO ur just a patetic nerd colonrampage'd. "i hav a small peniz" - u. yu're tears feul my butownage. get ur mom 2 lik teh tears of ur ballz, assmaster. y r u so paind in the glute LOL.
I'm captain of the Varsity Installing Gentoo team. What sports do you play, other than "jerk off to naked drawn japanese people"?
it is my opinion you have these extreme reactions and radical opinions because you don’t think straight because you are homosexual. I am not trying to be mean or hurtful. I am trying to be factual and diagnose you like a doctor. Please don’t take what I say in a negative way.
bitch i have 20 oc12s routed thru mozambique i can pump three hundred igmps at u a second
hay kike ur a faget d_d ur sayen that im gettin myself in troubl....I DO DRIVEBYS U FAGGET...i spin out ma guns and shoot u in the face n if u get 2 clos to me i slice ur throat with a fuken screwdriver, so don't say u'll jump me u double nigger
you are probably a pathetic little paleass virgin whiteboy livin in his mommas basment
you better stop fucking arond you think youre embarsing me? you are fucking pathetic little ass bitch, when i find out where you live and i will, very very soon, you are going to be praying to die painlessly
Why are you so racist...is this a threat? I love how you and people like you talk trash over the internet..It really proves how mature you are..Accept the fact that Obama is president whether because of his race or because he's actually qualified for the job..Did you forget that white people also voted for him...how do you explain that? THINK ABOUT IT.........
the fuck did you call me? Listen asshole, but I really don't think you know who you're talking to or what you're getting your stupid ass into. Do yourself a favor and back the fuck down, ok?
you have some balls on the internet but in real life the only balls are the ones that never leave your mouth you pussy. go ahead and paste this in the forum just understand you're who has to look at yourself in the mirror everyday. so keep on whacking off because you are going to die with no one but your joke self. oh and by the way, i actually am a lawyer and am good friends with a very powerful crown attorney so keep up the torrent download
Stupid internet faggots get obsessed with the most inane things. If it's from Japan or runs on Linux watch the fuck out cause these losers will act like Jesus appeared on Earth.
Ok. Let's cut the shit. I'm a black man. I make plenty of money, I know how to invest it, and I have a wall full of degrees that really don't mean shit. However... About the racist thing. I really don't like discussing social issues when I am watching porn, but something about the ignorance of these biggots makes me want to set the record straight...I have fucked fine ass white girls, fine ass black girls, a couple of Asian chicks, and plenty of Latinas. I have also fucked some fat ugly white whores, fat nasty black whores, fat nasty Latinas etc. You get the point. (hey i have been in a couple of bars) The fact of the matter is ALL OF THEM MADE ME BUST A NUT! The point is it doesn't matter what color the bitch is, if she wants to fuck and I have some rubbers, its ALL PINK ON THE INSIDE. 
you can continue to fucking talk to me that way if you like behind the anonymity of the internet, you cockgobbling featherweight. just know that you should thank your lucky fucking stars that i'm not within a 10 mile radius of you, because i would gladly visit you right now and slap you in the face with a fucking sledgehammer.
you really need to be careful how you talk about me irc, i dont appreciate it. tone down the disrespect, i dont know where you're from but where i am from, we dont tolerate that. dont even reply to this, just keep your mouth shut.consider yourself warned.
hey bro you know what dude, you know I already posted my info on this site over a year ago right? i came here relieved for one of the first times im not really being a massive douche bag anymore im less retarded now compared to a week that my life was finaly returning to normal and you post some gay shit like that. im just puttin it out there which...  Read More is why I'm finding it pretty funny people would like to unignore me cause i think your a pretty cool guy. nice compassion, jerkoff. just sorts out the old squad with the new fags (upto you bro your call)
ok so im in school and this kid i dont like his name is shawn he starts botering me because hes a jerk and he alawys picks on me like pushing me around and stuff anyway usualyi dont usualy do anything cuz i get scared but that day he was pushing me into the wall while i was walking to class with my friends and everyone was quiet cuz no1 wanted to get picked on but i was starting to get angry so i said to him stop it already, shawn and he's like f*** u, dork make me and im like fine thats it!!!11! so he pushes me and i fall on my face and evry1 around gets in a group and starts going fight fight fight and shawns like get up you b**** so i get up slowly and im REALLY angry and i turn around and i feel like theres this power inside me so i start screaming at him like goku so evry1 in the group backs up and looks scared and even shawn started to back up and look scared so i yell at him you shuldnt have messed with a sayian!!!1! i put my hands back and go kameeeeeeehameeeeeeeehaaaaaaaaaaaa
and i try to shoot it i dont see it but i could feel the forc e of it (im training it now so i can see it) and shawn backed up a bit so i coul dtell him i hit him wiht it too then he turned around and walked awya cuz he was scared and evry1 in the gruop walked away too and my friends all come up to me and start saying stuff like good job and my friend chris says dude your hair turned gold for a second and im like really and hes like yeah and then all my other friends are like yeah i saw it too so thats the story of how i learned that i was a saiyan
Gentlemen, I am pleased to announce that in addition to having leech access to the most elite 0-day courier FTPs, I have thousands of shell accounts, each of which are capable of running an unlimited number of processes with eggdrop/IRC support. My botnet is unfathomably large.I have access to hundreds witty IRC vhosts, using every existing TLD. I connect to them using an unreleased version of mIRC with every feature you could possibly desire, including the most powerful WARTOOLS. This is all powered by my $5,000 premium Dell computer system. You cannot even begin to compare to me.
You wouldn't think it to look at me, but I am a serious badass and I will mess you up if you so much as look at me funny. A lot of people were executed last year in this state for that deadliest of crimes: Fucking with me. So step back off of my IRC channel if you know what's good for you, BITCH.
 im sick and tired of guys trying to grope me or get in my pants ive been raped twice and malested i dont like them on me like that im so tired of them
OK im starting to relly get tired of your irc jokes. I dont know what your problem is but you better fucking stop with your comments before you say the wrong thing to the wrong person. I am usually nice to people i meet online but I will fuck you up im serious. I know I dont have ops but I do know a few of the ops in this channel and I wont hesitate to ask them to please ban you. so shut the fuck up you fucking siht!!!!!
listen up ok nobody even likes u the only reason i dont ddos u nto oblivion is cuz ur not even worth my bandwif u fkn fgt retard im srs if u say 1 more thing u wont even get to get out of ur seat cuz i wil KAMEHAMEHAAAAAAA u thru the keyboard n shoc ur fingers so bad u will say sry but its too late for that boyo
Look. Are you paying attention? Good. FYI I am not homosexual, I live in a 'traditional' family and practice a 'Chritian' religion. However, I am an educated AMERICAN and I value the founding fathers 'values'.
 this is gonna get messy, every person that pm's me for an invite auto gets ddos, keep it up see where this gets you. lol. we have more nicks then yours. lmao
hay look lek i fucken card servesr shells dude ddos shit every day ok hack into .govs u fukn punk ass bitch the day the feds come to my door first words out of my mouth: finally so dont even think of fucking with me fagget
hi my names jimmy and im 13 and the other day i was playing with myself while watching showcase and i realised i couldnt quite reach my fireman with my mouth. so what i did was i took a small straw and shoved it down my urethra. and i started to blow really hard.. now i have a small bubble like figure on the side of my fireman.. could this be from blowing into the straw???
please keep in mind that while children should be monitored while on the internet, they do manage to find their way to this channel for general questions they have. We like to keep the channel family friendly as much as possible, so please take the offensive antics where they belong, like #not4chan :D
Oh my god you little fucking faggot you are so fucking fucked. these are my fuking pcitures you son of a bitch i know who you are. your bitchass is going to jail [NIGGER]poe you cant just post people shit all over the internet! I'm calling your store first thing in the morning, but I'vre already called the cops you little shit fuck you (420chan)
WHEN U R READING THIS DONT STOP OR SOMETHING BAD WILL HAPPEN MY NAME IS SUMMER I AM 15 YEARS OLD i have BLONDE HAIR , SCARS no NOSE OR EARS I AM DEAD IF U DONT COPY THIS JUS LIKE FROM THE RING COPY N POST THIS ON 5 MORE CHANNELS OR I WILL APPEAR ONE CREEPY NIGHT WEN UR NOT ExPECTING IT BY YOUR BED WITH A NIFE AND KILL U THIS IS NO JOKE SUMMET ING GOOD WILL HAPPEN TO U IF YOU POST THIS ON 5 MORE CHANNELS
i'm personally involved in a 'war on pp4l' an undercover campaign to arrest the pumper cyberbullies. "in the United States it is a federal crime to anonymously "annoy, abuse, threaten, or harass any person" via the internet or telecommunication system, punishable by a fine and/or up to two years imprisonment." You know what they do to nerds in jail right?
dude i take flooding verry seriously i know how to use irc and about ops i know an op his name is qb and he will jupe you if u flood us
why dont you install a real OS and make some room in your head using the space you have to devote to remembering the 100000 ways to parse a text file in linux (with zero ways to get any actual work done)
Guess whoes back talking shit this mutha fuckin faggot is a mutha fuckin bitch saying he hates rap with a passion then all I got to say is fuck you you mutha fuckin bitch I fukin say alot of curse words because I fuckin hate when you start hating on rap if anybody gots a problem with the way I think then you could find a fuckin short peir and take a mutha fuckin walk I hope you fuckin die a long and painful death you fuckin bitch later y
 well, i am walking away from this channel again. im just in too much mental and physical pain to put up with all the trolling and people talking about perverted sex acts.
You gonna threaten me to my face? Let's play this? an eye for an eye game. Bring it, you supid crackwhore. In fact, I can't wait to rape and kill you in the back alley and dump your body into the fucking filthy sewer for the devourment of rats, a species in the higher level than your parasitic existence you useless piece of fucking shit.
i like how all you punk bitches are calling me faggot's over the internet!! call me at 559-322-936 and tell it to my face!! i'd like 2 see how much balls you have. I'd willing 2 pay you and your gas to even drive down here and beat the fuck out of you!!!
my boyfriend killed himself on christmas eve. he called and asked why I had broken up with him and I said because he was to clingy and I needed my space. he shot himself on the phone while I was still on the other line. I hate christmas.
you did NOT just seriously fuckin say that. do you think i don't have google earth or something? i can find u fast as fuck and make u eat ur words. i'll give u this 1 opportunity to apologize otherwise expect HELL ON EARTH
your a little bitch..all you do is sit at home on ya comp looking for free homosexual website...................come to arizona mother fucker.the desert juggalos will be waitin.hows bout you o to every state and walk up to some real juggalo killas and tell em to they face icp sucks..then we see whos tough....your talking hit through a fucin creen......HA HA HA HA HA pussy
look you fuckin faggot,, you talk shit about jugalettes...but i bet those fat and ugly bitches kick your fuckin ass.........i love you juggalettes your what makes this fuckd up world go round..............................you make 27 dollars an hour at some fancy fuckin job. getting nice ass clothes and shit.when we making our bones the real way.hustlin,sellin and beatin little bitches like you..and taking that 27 dollars an hour...woop woo...JUGGALO 4 LIFE
yarite fgt u probably stay home friday nites watchin reruns of step by step or some shit while im out mackin mad bitches gettin my dick sucked under a burger king table and ur tryin to jack ur shit to suzanne somers
girl, you must be an HTTP status code because all i'm getting is: 402 Payment Required
Congratulations, prick, you've just made my ignore list. Was it worth it to you to make your witty comments and snide in-jokes to your irc pals about me if it meant you are now disappeared from my online experience? Have a nice life asshat.
faggot! get the fuck out of here. we don't take kindly to you people around here. you're worse than the niggers. at least the niggers are predictable - they just want to make illegitimate children, eat fried chicken, and steal cars - you faggots, who the fuck knows what you're going to do next?